stories told here today i am going to
explain a drama
fantasy horror film called wish upon
be aware the video contains spoilers if
you enjoy my videos
please subscribe and help the channel
grow thanks
a lady named joe throws away something
her daughter
claire goes to check a nest down the
road after 30 seconds of biking she
decides she had enough exercise for the
day and heads home
when claire gets home she hears her
mother sobbing upstairs
she checks the attic and sees that her
mother hanged herself
claire wakes up as it was an old memory
relived in her dreams
we see that the dog named max is still
with claire
claire's father jonathan gets into a car
with carl
claire prepares for school and gets on
her bike as she tries to turn around in
the middle of the road with her bike to
pick up the newspaper for her uncle
the not at all stereotypical high school
bullies almost hit her with their
expensive car
claire falls with her bike but at least
her uncle doesn't have to take one step
forward to pick up the newspaper
claire gets to her school where he sees
her dad and carl dumpster diving
claire asks them to don't do that at her
school because it's embarrassing for her
jonathan and carl leaves and we switch
to a scene where we meet claire's best
friends june
and meredith as claire and june tries to
put up a handmade banner
a guy comes and takes a upskirt photo of
her since this is how boys behave in
high school
the bully from before named darcy throws
a starbucks coffee at the banner to make
sure
we know who are the bad guys claire then
attends chinese class where we see ryan
complimenting her handmade banner
but claire adores paul the other bully's
boyfriend
jonathan finds a strange box while
dumpster diving while having lunch darcy
lola paul and tyler pick a quarrel with
claire as she dared laughing with her
friends
claire stands up and calls darcia smegma
which everyone thinks is hilarious
darcy chose violence over debate and
hits claire claire hits her back and
they get into a fight
claire visits her neighbor mrs deluca
and they talk about boys
jonathan gives the box he found earlier
to claire the box has chinese writing on
it and claire can read only two words
wishes 7. as a revenge darcy posts
jonathan dumpster diving with the
hashtag dumpster daddy
claire wishes that darcy would just rot
not thinking much of it
during the night the box opens up and
starts playing a creepy song but it
closes right after the concert in the
morning
darcy wakes up and sees her leg full of
rash and gangrene
meredith shows the picture of darcy
declare and even though claire realizes
what happened she isn't concerned about
her wish
after school she finds her dog dead
under the house she shows a photo of the
box to her chinese teacher
but the teacher tells her she needs to
find scholar as the majority of the
characters are written in ancient
chinese
ryan overhears the conversation and
tells claire that his cousin can help
her out
claire mourns max but blinded by her
love for paul
she wishes that paul would fall in love
with her the next day
paul goes up to claire and we see uncle
august slips in his bathtub and hits his
head
but luckily the box has a sense of humor
and only kills the uncle after he
smashes his head on the tap on his way
back up
as claire gets home she hears the news
about her uncle and wonders what is
going to happen with all his stuff
jonathan tells claire they won't be in
his will that's for sure
jonathan and claire gets into an
argument about jonathan keeping too much
stuff in the house
even for the second time claire isn't
realizing the cost of her wishes and
goes upstairs to wish that uncle august
would leave her everything
the next morning jonathan gets a call
that uncle august left everything to
claire
mrs deluca congratulates to claire
before they move into uncle august's
mansion
claire and the girls enjoy the money and
go on a shopping trip
mrs deluca prepares dinner when the
disposal stops working
she keeps putting her hands in there so
naturally her hair gets caught in it and
the disposal breaks her neck
while all this is happening claire sees
the box opening and playing a melody
jonathan and claire share an emotional
moment and talk about claire's mother
claire has a nightmare about the box and
when she wakes up she sees a man outside
her bedroom
she runs outside but finds no one the
next day she sees paul breaking up with
lola in school
as soon as paul dumps her he comes up to
claire and asks her out
claire asks ryan about the price for the
translation they visit gina
ryan's cousin gina tells them that the
box will grant seven wishes to the owner
but if the owner sells or abandons the
box the wishes will be undone
the box also has a name on it lou may
they look
lou mae up on the internet lou may
cursed the box to get revenge on her
family's killers in 1910
she became wealthy and her enemies
vanquished however she died in 1922 due
to suicide
on her way home claire sees her dad
still dumpster diving with carl
jonathan tells claire he likes to hang
out with carl claire gets mad at him for
doing it still
claire gets home takes the box out and
is a responsible young adult
asks the box to make her dad cool gina
gets the further translation of the box
in email when the electricity goes out
her phone has no service as well the box
starts playing and we see claire's dad
playing the saxophone like the giga chad
he became
gina tries to call ryan and tell her
about the translation but he isn't
answering his phone
gina then stumbles on a rug and gets
impaled on a statue
ryan visits gina the next day and
discovers gina's body
ryan asks claire about the box and tells
claire the box requires blood every time
someone wishes
ryan questions her about wishing or not
but claire lies and tells ryan she
doesn't know what he is talking about
claire ghosts her friends for paul just
as it's written in the big book of
horrible teen movies
claire gets home completely shocked by
how many lives she took with her
irresponsible wishes
she knows that the next wish has to be
something important that can change
lives so she wishes to be the most
popular girl in school
paul invites claire to a party and she
is more than happy to go
everyone thinks claire is the coolest
person ever walked earth
paul kisses claire before she heads home
claire wakes up in the middle of the
night and sees someone again
she runs out to check who is stalking
her through the window
claire thinks someone is following her
because of the music box so she hides it
claire visits mrs deluca and finds her
body claire gets sad and tries to talk
with her old friends
claire invites them over and tells them
how the music box works
meredith tells claire how childish of
her to use wishes for such things
june and meredith calls her a psycho for
keeping the box and wishing even though
she knew people are going to die
claire goes to a party where meredith
and june asks her if she threw away the
box or not
she lies that she did claire finds out
that paul was the stalker in her window
claire breaks up with paul when the box
starts playing music
claire admits to june that she still has
the box meredith is in the elevator when
the elevator stops working and falls off
june tells claire everything is her
fault ryan chose claire the previous
owners of the box
all previous owners of the box became
successful but shortly after their
fortune changed
everyone around them died and they
committed suicide
ryan tells claire that after seven
wishes the demon claims their soul
as a final price claire tells ryan she
wished five times already and lies again
about not knowing the consequences
ryan and claire tries to destroy the box
but it seems impossible
claire hides the box and goes to sleep
claire wakes up during the night
paul stands at her bed and cuts his own
wrist as he doesn't want to live without
claire
in the morning the ambulance takes paul
but claire and ryan discovers that the
box is gone
the doorbell rings and people's worst
fear is at the door
the irs uncle august hasn't paid taxes
for 10 years so claire and jonathan has
to move out and leave the wealth behind
claire gets back to her everyday life
where she is unpopular and poor
claire sees the music box in june's
locker june probably went to the upside
down to steal the box during the night
of paul's visit
claire fights for the box and june falls
down the stairs
claire forgets that she isn't in the
lord of the rings and threatens ryan
that she will use a wish on him if he
won't let her keep her precious box
claire lost her mind from one day to
another and wishes that her mother never
committed suicide
johanna comes in with claire's brothers
and jonathan to wish her happy birthday
as claire discovers paintings in the
attic she realizes that her mother also
committed suicide because of the box
the box starts playing music and we see
jonathan is holding the ladder for carl
while he cuts the branches
claire tries to run outside and warn her
father but it is too late
the chainsaw falls and decapitates
jonathan claire runs upstairs and uses
her seventh wish and asks the box to
take her back to the morning when her
dad found it
she wakes up in the morning with max on
her bed claire asks jonathan to let her
go with them dumpster diving
claire finds the box and puts it in her
bag claire then goes to school and talks
to ryan
she asks ryan to bury her bag and never
open it claire kisses ryan and as she
walks away
darcy hits her with her car the cycle is
complete and the box claimed her soul
before the end credits we see ryan
digging a hole but instead of throwing
the bag in
he takes the box out and hesitates thank
you for watching
if you liked the video please consider
subscribing